\documentclass[ebook,article,11pt]{memoir}

% \usepackage{setspace}

\usepackage{mdframed}

\definecolor{myblue}{RGB}{190,190,255}

\newmdenv[backgroundcolor=myblue,roundcorner=2pt,skipabove=3pt,skipbelow=3pt,%
          hidealllines=true,font=\small,splittopskip=0.45cm,splitbottomskip=0.1cm]{block}

% \usepackage{tikz}

% \tikzstyle{block} = [rectangle, thick, fill=myblue, text width=\textwidth - 0.2cm, %<---------= 
%              rounded corners, minimum height=1em, font=\small,
%              minimum width=\textwidth]

% \usetikzlibrary{shadows}


\renewcommand{\rmdefault}{ppl}
% \setstretch{1.5}

\author{Daoud Clarke}

\title{\textbf{Professional, Confident Email Writing}\\
Email Writing Format and Style}

\date{}

\begin{document}

\maketitle


\chapter{Clearly understand the business need}


\begin{block}[frametitle={Metrics}]

``Well, I've done some research,'' says Samantha, ``and it seems that
state of the art accuracy for sentiment analysis is about 85\%. I'm
not sure whether it's possible yet, but if we could get that level of
recall on our data, would it be acceptable?'' She couldn't find much
research that mentioned recall, but she's hoping that as all the
experiments were done on unbiased data, 85\% accuracy will translate
to roughly the same level of recall.

``Hmm, recall,'' says Dave, ``I know what that means.'' Dave has been
reading up on machine learning. ``You're saying that we're going to
miss 15\% of the important emails? I'm not sure that would be
acceptable.''

``Well, what kind of value \emph{would} be acceptable?'' asks
Samantha.

``Well, I suppose we could get away with 95\% recall.''

\end{block}


\newpage
\chapter*{Conclusion}

We have only touched on some of the issues you are likely to encounter
when implementing a system which uses machine learning. Many of these
issues are common to software projects in general; in fact, my final
message is that a project that uses machine learning is still
primarily a software project. The actual code relating to machine
learning in such a project is likely to be as little as 10\%. Treat
the project as you would any other software project, follow industry
best practices, and know what you're talking about, and you'll be fine.

\begin{block}
% \vspace{0.5cm}
% \noindent
\texttt{daoud.clarke@gmail.com}
\end{block}
\end{document}
